Buglog for mp3.1

1. When we were testing paging, there is always errors called
    "no member named xxx". Because for paging we defined two
    structs in paging.h, the member defined inside the structs
    were not available. So when we are calling these elements 
    in paging.c, there are those errors shown. 

    solution: it took several hours to debug this. TA James 
    pointed out that we defined the elements in struct as uint32_t,
    but because uint isn't originally available, we have to include a 
    types.h in paging.h. And after we did this the error disappeared.

2. When we were testing idt, at first we could not print what we pressed 
    on keyboard. We solved this by checking the info pic. And we found that
    the imr shown is 00, which meant that our mask is wrong. We fixed the
    masking issue in i8259.c, and now we could print one character. 
    
3.  To print out more characters, we added an assembly linkage and do_irq. 
    But still we could only print one character and no more. To debug this,
    we added printf to show_pressed_key in keyboard.c and do_irq in idt.c,
    and found that in do_irq, before show_pressed_key and after that are
    all printed. Which means there are other bugs. 

    When solving the bug, we looked at the eoi and suddenly found that we
    forgot to add send_eoi in keyboard, and thus causing the function
    to print only one character. After we added a send_eoi in both conditions
    in show_pressed_key function in keyboard.c, we fixed the bug and 
    successfully outputed many characters.

4. After fixing all the errors and had a TA to go through the logic 
    together, the info mem still showed pg disabled, which meant
    the function is not operable. After checking every function, we 
    found that we forgot to call the paging_init in kernel.c and the 
    whole function wasn't initialized during the run. After adding paging_init,
    the info mem showed two lines of information and the bug was fixed.

